Now let's quickly create the last part to our castle.
So we're going to create a new folder and we want above our skyline.
We'll call them art six
then we're going to create a new layer in there then using our Lasso tool.
We're going to trace out the shape what we want to keep it pretty straight.
Then using that red and that orange we are going to create a gradient
runway just like so then we want to copy that and paste it and bring him down.
And we're going to distort him just a little bit
.
Then we're going to add a new layer and we want to drag that layer underneath those two roofs.
Then using this purple and this blue we're going to we're going to create a gradient.
But first we need to create our shape
or shape go ahead and fill that in.
Then we're going to merge all of those layers and then we're going to warp it to give it a little bit
of a curve like so
we'll reposition them.
Awesome.
Now we're going to select him and it using this dark purple color are going to fill in on a new layer
above him.
Then we're going to bring down the opacity to about 25 percent